[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on Cosmic Disclosure,
we are joined by Victoria
Whitney, a Doctor of Science
and a retired member
of the Department
of Defense, United States Navy.
Today, we are discussing
Earth's history
according to the Arcturians.
Victoria, welcome.
>>VICTORIA WHITNEY: Well,
thanks for having me here.
>>EMERY: What can you tell us
about a certain Arcturian city
which initiated the starseeds?
>>WHITNEY: So our
friend Koh Ni Dah,
who called himself Cat
Stevens, during the--
>>EMERY: Cat Stevens.
>>WHITNEY: --Homeless
Project was Arcturian.
There was also
another Arcturian,
but I never interfaced with him.
He was onboard ship.
He was the data analyst.
But Koh Ni Dah was very
approachable, very friendly.
He felt that if he conveyed
enough knowledge to us,
that we would begin to
evolve to a higher state.
So he was going to do
everything he could to do that.
At one point, we talked about
the city that he came from.
It was called Delthinae Asriel,
and this city is a crystal city.
And so the center of the city
has this 40,000-foot crystal
spire, and then the rest of
the city is built around that.
And the reason
they do that is it
handles all of their
power requirements,
and then this very
resonant frequency
is held within the city.
And that resonant frequency
that's held within the city
is for their consciousness.
And on the outside
of the city are
what they call Camino Spheres,
so they're big spheres.
They're hooked in a
ring around the city.
And then communities live
inside these spheres.
>>EMERY: How big
are these spheres?
>>WHITNEY: So we live
in this little place
called Port Orchard.
I believe we have 10,000
people that live in that area.
And he said we could fit Port
Orchard in one of the spheres.
>>EMERY: Oh, Wow.
>>WHITNEY: So it's got
to be fairly good size.
But it's-- they have these,
for lack of a better word,
living spaces that are
inside these spheres,
and it maintains a resonance
that keeps them consciously
connected.
And so, like they
say, whatever they
learn in some elevated
knowledge form,
gets transferred to
all of the spheres,
so they all know the same thing.
Some point in time, millions
and millions of years
ago, I believe, based
on what they've told us,
that they were meant to
be the starseed keepers,
in other words, the
history of the starseed.
And they have what they
call a living archive there.
They've explained to us that
literally everything that's
in it is living history.
>>EMERY: How is that maintained?
>>WHITNEY: Well, it would
be hard to say what that is.
But what they're telling me is
that this is living history.
In other words, you
can interact with it,
and it will provide you with
the knowledge of what that is.
So they were asked to be the
keepers of the starseed history,
and so that resides within
this living archive.
And when I talked with Koh
Ni Dah, he would tell me,
this is your history on Earth.
You were meant to be one
of the seeded planets.
And they were meant to be one
of the seeded planets as well.
>>EMERY: How many are there?
>>WHITNEY: Seeded
planet, there's
more than they could
ever put a number to.
>>EMERY: OK.
>>WHITNEY: Right, so it's huge.
And you can't just ask them
and say, what species is that?
Because it doesn't
work that way.
The starseeds are many--
you have three founder races.
So you have what they
called the Argattians.
They since became what
we call Agartha on Earth.
But you had the Argattians.
You had the Indigos, and
you had the Oraphims.
And they were considered to be
the creators of the seeding,
and it required
all three of them
to do this because there are
different elements of that.
One is the RNA or the DNA
being messaged across things.
One of them is
what they consider
the light or the spark of life.
And one of them is considered
to be that which makes us
a species, whatever that is.
So it required all three of
them to interact in this.
They had a part to
play in all of that.
And so throughout
history, the intent was--
is that the universe
would be seeded,
and then they would sit back
and watch the development
of these species.
Very much when people
talk about watchers,
they're talking about
a function of what
the founders were trying to do.
In other words, are
they looking at it
to see what's the next
evolutionary process of that?
Probably, right?
>>EMERY: Sure.
It is happening all
over the universe.
>>WHITNEY: Indeed, right.
And in many forms, right?
So it's like a good
experiment in the laboratory.
If I combine this with
this, you get one thing,
but if I combine it
with something else,
you get something else.
And that's sort of
what they were doing,
was looking at how many
different types of species
they could create.
And so there's a
mention somewhere
where I was talking
with Koh Ni Dah,
and he talks about the
silicon species, right?
Fascinating.
Because we talk about
carbon-based species
all the time, but we don't talk
about silicon-based species.
How does that make
them different to us?
And so there was
many different types
of species that were evolved
out of the starseed program.
So they were asked to be
the keepers of this data.
And like I said,
he said to me, this
is Earth's history,
which means that each one
of those other planets
has a history as well.
Does it coincide with ours?
Probably not.
>>EMERY: Tell me
a little bit more
about the history of
the Arcturians here.
>>WHITNEY: Sure.
So they back it up to
millions of years ago.
I mean, we're talking 50
million, even past that.
>>EMERY: Wow.
>>WHITNEY: At some
point, they determined
that an evolution
needs to occur,
which means that you need to
set up another experiment, so
to speak, and Earth happened
to be elected for that.
At that point, it was
a primordial planet,
did not have the
means to support life,
and they decided
to terraform it.
And so they--
whatever technology
they use to terraform
that began to take place.
They don't talk too much about
the terraforming process,
but it took them some period to
terraform the Earth so that it
could become a living habitat.
And during that process,
many things had to happen.
So at one point, they
understood that there
was no tidal control
over the planet,
so we had chaotic weather
and the oceans were--
they say the oceans were unruly.
And so that led to the
creation of the moon,
and they had the moon brought
in to control the climate
and tides upon the Earth.
And so they talk about
the fact that there
were systems put in place to
make this a living habitat.
>>EMERY: I see.
>>WHITNEY: And they talked
about the fact that,
do we think oxygen just
exist on the planet
and it isn't self-contained?
So they talk about
how that process
has to be done so that
we can maintain an oxygen
layer around that.
I mean, this is all
complicated stuff.
And so they're
very proud of what
they were able to accomplish.
But then it comes to the
matter of, well, OK, you
have this living environment,
but something has to live in it.
And so then the next process is,
is how do you introduce species
to an environment?
So what they talk
about is the fact
that starseeding is
really a process in itself
because it's an ongoing process.
They say what happened is we
brought different species here
that we had already created as
starseeds to begin that process.
And so they said we
regionalized them,
which means that they deposited
them all over the Earth.
>>EMERY: I can see that.
>>WHITNEY: Right, and then
let's see what happens.
Can they survive?
We do it all the time.
We have fish tanks.
We have zoos.
Same principle.
But this started
that process then.
And then they said the process
becomes self-sustaining.
And indeed it has, because
we have 9.2 billion people
on this planet now.
So yes, it's very successful.
But that's not something that
they looked at in the beginning.
They didn't look at it and say,
we transform this environment
and we expect this
type of outcome.
What they wanted to do was look
at it and say, where will it go?
What will it do?
We are a very immature
species compared
to the rest of the universe.
However, we're
also enterprising.
And so I think that's
really one of the things
that they marveled at, is
that they didn't realize
that would be an outcome.
>>EMERY: And to think that they
were behind it the whole time--
>>WHITNEY: Indeed, yeah.
>>EMERY: I mean, what
a great accomplishment.
>>WHITNEY: Yeah, so I
laugh when people say,
oh, you're the products of apes.
Because the picture's
really way bigger than that.
That is just one process.
And so they sit there
and say, well, over time
we introduced new things
to the environment.
And so that becomes a
part of their watching,
is to be able to
look and see, what
is going to happen with this?
Is it going to survive?
Does it become a
dominant species?
Or is it subordinate
to something else?
Or does it have a
symbiotic relationship?
I mean, these are all important
things for them to understand.
And the thing is, is that
they will admit that they are
continually reaching out to us.
They're telepathically
connected with us.
And I've had people
say to me all the time,
sometimes I get these
thoughts in my head.
And I tell them, I say
it's probably an Arcturian.
Because that's what
they're doing, is they're
reaching out to us.
They're trying to say, we're
conveying knowledge to you,
and they're trying to
get us to the point
where we understand that,
this is so important to us,
not only for our survival,
but for our ability
to be out in that
greater cosmic community.
You want to be able to
go and say, welcome home.
But in order to
be welcomed home,
you have to be desensitized
to certain things.
And if that desensitivity
might be in the way others
look or the way in
which others behave,
and that's where we
have to be right now,
is that we're able to
accept those things
and to be able to interact
with it without having paranoia
or fear or any of
those other things
that we as humans
tend to possess.
And so this becomes very
much part of their thing,
is to be able to
say, your history
is very much a part
of who you are.
However, your history
is continuing,
and where you're going
to go with it from here,
and where I think we're
going to go with it is we're
going to move back out
into that cosmic community.
>>EMERY: How far do you know
back in time of intelligent life
here on planet Earth, like
the Anunnaki, the Nephilim?
>>WHITNEY: OK.
So of course, this is according
to their records, all right?
So there's several
instances where they talk
about 150 million years ago.
So we do things by epic age.
So an epic age for them,
though, is different.
We're talking 200,
300 million years.
That's an epic age for them.
Because they
believe that they've
been around for
billions of years.
>>EMERY: Wow.
>>WHITNEY: But when did we
see that becomes the question.
And so they say, really,
at 150 million years,
there's a recognition, which
means that we're capable then
of recognizing that there's
something that's akin to us,
that there is an intelligence
that is relatable to us.
For Earth, I think
that they're believing
that it was probably 150
million years ago that we
started doing that.
Now when we come to the
Anunnaki, so it's an outsider.
It's a species that came from
another planet, and a very
territorial species.
They were the ones
that led everybody
to believe that they were gods
because they had technologies,
technologies that
others didn't have.
And they were perfectly
happy holding that spot.
Because what do we do
when we have a god?
We devote to it.
We bow down to it.
We give it whatever it needs.
And for them, that was a perfect
way to be on this planet.
And they did a lot
of genetic testing.
Where did that come from?
Because they recognize
that their own species
was having problems.
Their planet was
dying a slow death.
That could be the end.
So what are we going to
do to precipitate that?
We can continue on
with our own species.
So of course, you start
borrowing from other planets,
trying to proliferate their
own species by doing that.
But like I say, they
also had a mentality
that was very warring,
very possessing,
and people began to recognize
that that was problematic.
And so all of the history
about our floods and everything
is all contributory to
what the Anunnaki did.
And at one point, they tried
to wipe the species out
on this planet, and fortunately,
they were not successful,
only because one
of the Anunnaki had
become enamored with
the Terrans that he had.
And so then he said,
they have meaning to me.
I can't just wipe them out.
Because otherwise we would
have been back to square one,
wiped out and start again.
>>EMERY: They still
needed the slaves.
>>WHITNEY: They still
needed their slaves.
And so that becomes
part of that history,
is that that's their
contribution to the planet.
And then they left,
and of course, they
took most of what they put here
with them because we can't have
the locals keeping it because
there's no telling what they'll
do with it.
So a lot of that--
>>EMERY: All that technology--
>>WHITNEY: All that
technology, right, right,
including our pyramids.
And so they're going to take the
things that operate those away,
and then you just have stone.
>>EMERY: What can you tell us
about the Lemurian Holocaust?
>>WHITNEY: [CHUCKLES]
OK, so let's say we'll
talk about the Lemurians here.
>>EMERY: Yeah.
>>WHITNEY: So coming from
a larger space colony,
they went out into the cosmos as
part of that spacefaring group,
came across Earth.
This is a perfect atmosphere.
This has everything that
anybody could desire.
It has living elements upon it.
It has air.
It has water.
I mean, everything
that a species needs.
>>EMERY: Sure.
>>WHITNEY: Right, and so
we have several instances
where Lemurians were here.
We had lots of
other civilizations
that had colonies here.
But the Lemurians were
a very unique group.
They considered
themselves illuminators,
which means that they were
willing to give others what
they knew, and in hopes of that
it would enlighten the species.
And of course, if
you're enlightened,
you're not going to destroy the
planet that you're living on.
And so that's what
they were hoping,
is that in becoming
more enlightened,
that we would begin to live
in a different harmony.
Because at one point,
they believed that--
they didn't call it energy then.
They called it magic.
And they believed that we were
meant to have the magic of life.
They believed that it was
for the betterment of all,
and so what they
were willing to do
is ensure that everybody
had the same magic.
But then you have the Anunnaki,
oh, no, no, no, no, you
can't do that.
And so they became a problem.
They were too free-willing
to give to others,
and the Draconians
couldn't have that.
Anunnaki couldn't have that.
You can't give things
away like that.
You can only have the "elite,"
because that's what they
considered themselves, was to
be the holders of those types
of concepts.
And so they began to plot
against the Lemurians,
and their intent was to wipe
them off the face of the earth,
that history would just go away.
And a lot of that has happened.
What happened to that history?
>>EMERY: Yeah, it's gone.
>>WHITNEY: I mean, that's what's
happened to most of Earth's
history, is where did it go?
But that was always
part of that plan,
is that if you keep people
from having the history,
then the knowledge goes with it.
And so they began to plot
against the Lemurians,
that they would wipe them
off of the face of the Earth,
literally.
And so that was what they called
the massacre of the Lemurians,
was to be able to do that.
The knowledge would be gone.
They would be gone.
And then those that
considered themselves
the elites would still
be in charge of what
they wanted to be in charge of.
Likewise, the Atlantean culture
existed during that same period
of time.
There, again, they
believed the Atlanteans
to be an advanced civilization
that believed that knowledge
was the key to everything.
There was some interference.
They had what they
called the Hall of Amenti
as being the centerpiece
of the Lemurian society.
And the Hall of Amenti was
where the knowledge resided,
so it would be very
much like that living
archive for the Arcturians.
They can relate to that.
And they believed that the
entire society of Atlanteans
existed for the propagation
of that knowledge,
and so that's akin
to Arcturians.
So in other words, they
can relate to that,
that it is the propagation
of knowledge that
makes a society who they are.
And it was a ship.
This is what's so funny.
I love when people go, oh, this
piece of land and everything.
They describe it
totally as a ship,
and that it sat
somewhere in the ocean.
I don't know if they ever
named where that was.
But at some point, there
was some type of warring
that was occurring.
And I don't know if
they ever attributed it
to a specific word.
There's a whole
period where they
talk about the electric wars
and different things like that,
so it may have been
during that period.
But they talk about how
different civilizations were
being attacked,
and the Atlanteans
were due to leave the
planet, which would--
we all know that a
ship, if it's that size,
requires some getting
ready to leave.
And something
occurred with this--
we're going to call
them Siriusians.
>>EMERY: Siriusians?
>>WHITNEY: Right, from Sirius B,
who were the original Egyptians.
And something occurred with
them in which they were still
trying to work out some deal
with the Atlanteans because
of Thoth, and that
delayed their takeoff.
And unfortunately, what
it said in their record
is that the ship was sunk.
>>EMERY: You mentioned
the original Egyptians.
>>WHITNEY: So their
records indicate
that the Siriusians from Sirius
B were the original Egyptians.
And I have seen pictures
of them, and a lot of them
have that very classic look.
And they came here just
like everybody else did.
This was a way station.
They set up whole colonies,
and they were doing trading.
Because they had technology,
they were considered to be gods.
I mean, that's the thing.
Show somebody some technology
that they don't have,
and you're suddenly elevated.
And so that's what happened,
is they were elevated.
Now in somewhere
in there, then we
have Osiris that shows
up, who is not from Sirius
B, different skin tone.
He had more the green.
They had more the blue color.
And that doesn't mean
that they both didn't
have a copper-based
blood, but what
it means is that their
suns were different.
And so he-- what
we're assuming is
that he was more from
some area like Orion
or somewhere where that
green-colored skin comes from.
And he entered the scene
and different technologies,
and his technology superseded
what the Egyptians had.
And so we had a
change in who was
in charge then because that's
the way it works amongst them.
And so everything was
good until here comes Set.
There again, Sirius B.
And he was not happy
that his territory
had been moved into,
so that erupted into a huge war.
And they recount that.
They talk about the
fires in the sky.
glass land, meaning
that the sand was vitrified.
So we know the violence that was
taking place during that point.
That becomes very
important to the history,
is that here was this warring
faction for power going on
during that time,
and they finally
were able to get rid of Osiris.
Is that a good thing
or a bad thing?
We'll never know that.
But it sounded-- based
on their history,
it sounded like he had
at least put things
in place that were for
the benefit of the people.
I don't believe that
that was Set's intention,
based on what history says.
So we're still condoning
actions, just like we do today,
that lack of understanding of
what really needs to transpire
is not there.
But they had a very violent
history during that time.
The Anunnaki tended
to stay out of what
was happening with Sirius
B because they didn't
want to go up against them.
You're talking about two species
that are very much similar, very
much have a state of who
they are, very much as
capable of warring against
each other at the same level.
So they weren't going
to take each other on.
History says that they were akin
to like understanding, which
means that they understood
what the other could do
and better left that untouched.
And so a lot of what the
Arcturians are saying
is that that in itself
was an observation,
that they had enough
knowledge to understand
that there's some things you
should not go up against.
And so that happened to
be one of those areas.
>>EMERY: Where are Arcturians
in relation to humans now
and looking into the future?
>>WHITNEY: Well, they've
really gone out of their way
to be in contact with us.
Like I say, Koh Ni Dah was
very personable with us,
was very much
trying to teach us,
and I think that that's
really their goal--
>>EMERY: Yes.
>>WHITNEY: --is to be able
to teach us that you belong
to something much larger.
Can you imagine feeling like
you're just this small dot that
has no purpose,
and then realizing
that you're part of the whole
picture that has purpose?
And that's really what
they've tried to tell us,
is that you've forgotten
really about your connection
to the universe.
And so that's a lot of what
they've been trying to teach us,
is relive that connection
with the universe,
relive all the knowledge
that's around you.
You hold all the keys.
I mean, he said that to
me over and over again.
You have the keys.
You just don't use them.
I mean, that's a huge
statement in itself.
That's like telling
somebody, you know the truth,
and yet you fail to
recognize the truth.
>>EMERY: Yeah, you're not
telling anyone about it.
>>WHITNEY: Right, and so what
he's trying to do was lead us.
And I think that
collectively, since he's
part of that collective,
what he's doing is
he's stating exactly
what all of them
are saying collectively,
that we need
to become part of the
universe that we are part of
and to recognize that everything
we think, act, do, and say
has an effect on that universe.
And because, really,
of all of them,
they recognize that so much,
their impact on the universe.
And I think that's why
this crystal city is
so important to
them because it's
like the perfect tone of
environment in the universe.
And what they're trying to tell
us is you too need to be that.
In the scheme of things, we're
far greater than we know,
that we belong to
a bigger picture,
and that bigger picture
is going to lead us home.
It's going to lead
us to that knowledge
level that's going to tell us
exactly what our purpose is.
And so I really think that
that's the future that they're
trying to show us, and I think
that they've done a good job.
My entire group has
learned something so much
from getting to
know this conclave
and realizing that we are
something more than just
this physical human being.
>>EMERY: Well, it's a
very beautiful message.
>>WHITNEY: I think so too.
>>EMERY: Well, Victoria, thank
you for being on the show.
>>WHITNEY: Oh, well,
thanks for having me.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is Cosmic Disclosure.
Until next time.
[AUDIO LOGO]